0:00 um yeah I got some notes uh but the um the format uh I suggest is so we do
0:06 Parish um and then we do project and then we do um situational awareness
0:13 which is like anything else sounds good and I think that if there situation
awareness that warrants becoming a stuck 0:19 then that should be included too
now did you get a list of um rules for how to uh 0:25 talk best or communicate
best during their sessions I haven't got them written down but I've got um I can
speak 0:32 to the recording are we going to are we going to get a we're going to
get a stock created that has those uh that in 0:39 there as a task for you yeah
yeah I ran out of time yesterday and um but I 0:44 learned a lot about time the
enemy of all yeah so I didn't quite get there um 0:51 to write down the kind of
meta rules of what I was doing and interestingly enough most of it was failure
to start 0:56 with that's how life goes unfortunately okay so shall we what do
you want to do 1:02 buddy uh it's not the recording and we'll talk project it's
been going it's on now we're off all right okay cool um 1:10 right again because
of Mac uh stroke um 1:15 meta I can't project anything if you can go into um
naps reasoning stocks um I 1:24 would like your view on um the priority list so
let me let me take you through 1:31 this first sure so um the priority list is
uh dynamic as in 1:40 um it's uh you notice have given an ID to each stock uh
those IDs aren't 1:47 necessarily the priority that's right that's how it has to
be yeah uh so those 1:52 can move around i' say that one one of the rules for
talking to the recording is to refer to that ID because that 1:59 makes it very
unambiguous I think uh yes oh actually that's a good point okay so 2:04 let's
talk about the rules about how to talk on these recordings um it helps a 2:10
lot if we um are specific about what we're talking about so currently we are
2:16 in naps reasoning stocks and I'm talking about priority 2:22 list I know it
feels quite clunky but uh at least 2 three hours of my day 2:29 yesterday was to
go through and clean up the transcript in order to get Commander 2:36 to
actually get his teeth into it okay I also don't think that you're using the
2:41 corrections correctly because um some of the items came in as um being 2:50
misspelled uh oh okay I thought you're no you're not you're not running it
through that um uh can you show me what 2:58 the corrections mean mean um I was
just asking the AI for any inconsistencies in 3:04 naming yeah but you you
didn't you didn't yeah you didn't apply the corrections to the 3:11 transcript
um under reasoning data folders okay 3:19 reasoning data folders where is
folders are there 3:27 under my cursor hidden away nap narrative 3:34
application I oh okay that's wrong you're bad okay uh 3:42 uh and the spelling
of the repo is American by the way not whatever this is 3:48 yeah I'm just going
to go with zed where even if it's wrong just spell it in 3:53 American I mean
yeah but we invented the bloody language okay I'm did you did you invent the AI
that wrote most of this no 4:01 have you been Great Britain for very long like
when was like it's been a while fellas it's been a while thousand 4:08 years ago
still counts it 4:14 it okay so where's Egypt now I mean CRS 4:19 got big p of
stones um okay yep well made right so just to take you 4:28 through um uh sorry
we were on the I just want to explain what the priority 4:34 list and then go
through your comments and then uh I can talk about um 4:42 the difficulties of
producing those stocks cuz this first run through of creating the stocks was uh
4:51 gnarly so uh I think that's the three things to go so I I'll just take you
through the first one so the priority 4:57 list is the priority priority at this
point um and now it is dynamically 5:05 generated based on the last transcript
and previous transcripts uh previously we were 5:10 talking about dynamically um
generated information not being uh something for 5:16 the repo but I think for
this it is no no no the priority list is definitely 5:22 for the repo because
it's not part of the context that you're giving to the model like the the conat
is just an 5:29 inter medary step between um you know like it's that that's
discardable but 5:35 this is output that you want to save because you want to be
able to roll back through G history and pull out the 5:41 priority list each day
to get a view of how the priorities have being shifting 5:47 you know like agree
and the the second thing of the similar similar thing um I 5:52 think the
commander's report is similar um we want history yeah yeah yeah yeah 5:57 that's
right that's right but the commander's report as you had it was a conat but it
actually needs to be just 6:05 an actual report now we also need to have um a
generative report which is um 6:13 the one that we show to the trucking guys
because they don't care about our 6:19 internal build tooling like you figuring
out uh what stuff you need for project 6:25 management me figuring out what
tools I need to make code faster they don't want know about that they only care
about the 6:32 scope of the um the trucking system and so that's right cuz most
of these well a 6:38 lot of these uh apply to the trucking CRM but not all of
them not all of them 6:43 and it's going to be we want to we want this uh
process to allow us to Chuck in all kinds of different um stocks and all 6:50
that like I'm very enthusiastic about this process because it feels like the
softwar defined org too it does isn't it 6:59 yeah um and I I think that
strangely I think that we can get not just the trucking app done but the dream
catcher 7:06 done if we follow this role where you're the uh you're the spotter
I'm the I'm 7:12 the sniper so my job is to generate code uh and to make the
tools that generate 7:17 code better your job is to uh manage the uh man manage
the yeah the landscape 7:26 down where whatever it is I don't know much about
sniping but yeah like 20Â° left yeah well you need you're in charge 7:32 of
things like situational awareness um prioritizing uh selecting targets um 7:39
reconciling and debating you know why are you shooting that what the sniper
metaphor is not that great for this but 7:46 why are you going after that stuck
versus this one you should be going after this one you know why did you take
7:52 30 minutes to take a piss you know we're sitting here we're supposed to be
doing this thing those kinds of issues and to 7:59 get we can we can both um do
the selection and maintenance of the aim like that's 8:05 sort of our role to
debate what we're trying to put at the top yeah and then 8:11 after that it
should be deductive all the way down yes and uh the um the aim 8:19 uh selection
maintenance of the aim uh can be informed by Commander but we need 8:24 to we
got to set it it's like a it's like a civil servant you know um 8:29 briefing
the Prime Minister but the Prime Minister still needs to decide that's right
that's right that's right and um okay yeah yeah and so yeah so 8:38 these these
derivative reports like if we if we settle on a nice clean simple format of a
report that we deliver to 8:44 these guys um every day so what what the mode I
want to get into is that we'll 8:50 have our meeting uh we can pick the Cadence
of it like we can say that we'll deliver on a report on Monday Wednesday 8:58
Friday or whatever like it doesn't have to be a 7day a week thing I don't think
anyone um expects that um but uh the 9:08 format of the report would be like a
light summary of of what happened um the 9:13 tasks printed out in a mermaid
Gant chart again um maybe some discussion on 9:19 the hurdles and problems and
you know that's it and it's very simple thing and 9:25 it just goes talk about
the the frequency in the format but um essentially if 9:30 you um if you are the
buyer of a project that's running through the system what 9:35 you really want
to know is um last time we talked you said you're going to do this are you still
yes yeah if you're 9:42 not then report by exception right and then tell us what
is and then when when 9:48 we have a chat with them we can incorporate the
recordings of their feedback into the discussions into the 9:56 planning into
the stucks and then that sort of we can address those direct 10:01 questions
that they asked in the next report that comes out we can do like um 10:06
grandfather father son style reports where like after at the end of a month it's
like a monthly report that's like 10:12 yep here's a summary of the whole damn
thing here's the burn this is what our estimated costs are um you know here's
10:21 what you got delivered absolutely and uh damn man 10:28 there's nothing
stopping us automating most of that that would be awesome um 10:33 yeah well
that feels like no matter what happens in our lives that system is going to be
needed and that discipline 10:40 and that Cadence is the way that we approach
maximum output yeah okay good um so the uh I 10:49 agree with that okay uh if we
move on as opposed to continue to agree with each 10:55 other okay um so agree
uh the stucks here can can I debate can I debate this 11:03 order uh is that not
the time now is not the time um yes you can but what I want 11:10 to do is to uh
give you a run through of okay so you do the run through you do 11:15 the run
through and then I'll um then you have the Conch uh I think some of your
comments were on order as well all 11:22 right cool um so uh um if you go into
11:27 for example S1 get based artifact database uh in terms of the 11:36 stock
um now these were generated now this one minor call out 11:45 can you make sure
that the names are always in um Kebab case and always in 11:52 lower case except
for readms which are capital um okay so uh if you go if you 12:02 go down down
you should have repo rules uh sorry no in the folders it should have 12:10 repo
rules somewhere this repo evals yeah um okay this is again for the 12:16
recording I need to do corrections on that um and this is where I put that 12:22
sort of I don't think you need to say for the recording you're in the recording
and if you just say it then 12:30 it's there like right so I need to update uh
corrections. MD Now can you 12:37 restate uh what the format you asking for
12:43 there uh all the file names need to be in Kebab case I don't know why did
you 12:49 think I needed to restate that because the bot would have heard it
right the first time even though you 12:54 didn't um right actually Point well m
okay so you need to we need to be okay 13:02 with uh missing a point from one
another and knowing that it's in the recording and the bot will grab it right
and 13:09 putting in what the context is after the point has been made yeah yeah
cuz that's 13:16 what it's good at dude you can be I don't think the words that
I'm using are 13:21 correct you can be a complete shambles yeah and all over the
place 13:26 doesn't mean you're wrong doesn't mean you don't know what's going
going on but that's a very difficult format to 13:32 reconcile into a structured
project plan and yet with this machine we're like ha 13:38 go and then yeah life
is good yeah all right um I think try to build up the 13:46 rules to do that now
uh my next question is if you can go into choose a stuck 13:51 choose a stuck
okay now uh these are generated from the previous formats 13:57 yesterday you
were saying doesn't matter as long as we've got some format yep any comments and
any changes that I want 14:04 because or you want that uh I know we uh we were
talking 14:10 about uh splitting up you know the derivative like links and so on
but for 14:16 now yeah yeah for now for now that's uh just because you're you
know having oh that Priority One should not be there by 14:22 the way yeah so
that so nothing about the priority should be there because that should be being
managed in that priority list thing yeah yeah time yeah 14:31 didn't delete
those I'm not clear on the difference between situation and background like
these things could be 14:38 collapsed into one and that mean the same to me so
um this is uh just they 14:45 start for 10 um on the stock based around uh SAR
situation background I 14:52 never really I I agreed with the format but I
didn't really um I'm not sure that 14:57 the situation and background
distinction applies terribly well to us here yeah 15:04 okay um but try it and
see I mean see when I read this I'm like 15:11 well I mean background sort of a
bit of the history yeah right I yeah situation is 15:19 um okay so what was the
situation in this stuck being created yeah um the 15:24 background uh is uh more
of the context like yeah D and evals is probably the 15:31 same really cuz dun
is is the oh yes that's a good point 15:36 yeah that's a very good point done
assessment yeah capabilities inputs and 15:42 Trigger conditions uh these are to
15:49 many so many hittings so many yeah I was um aware when I was doing
capabilities 15:56 you can definitely um like it's definitely a legitimate move
for you to say look 16:02 Tom I need you to go and uh populate S1 for me cuz I
have I have a lot of 16:09 reasoning about this piece um in the in the Naps
16:16 folder right like for for example what I can do and this is 16:21 uh I
know this is jumping around a bit but luckily that's not a problem um and 16:27
just tell me if I'm being too jarring I know you don't like the old grin train
from a nice high G uh Target switch but 16:34 um if I go for example uh conat oh
here we go if I grab 16:41 this I wanted to show you how I use concat because I
think you can stop using those bash things if you use it in 16:48 this way okay
um so I 16:56 go I just want to get that file name 17:06 and one of the why
you're doing that one of the long-term stucks is it would be so much more um
Swift to inform the 17:15 commander about one of these sessions if we could
ingest video but because um what's happening on the 17:23 screen is information
now and well no cuz I'm trying to keep in mind that I 17:30 want to talk talk
about it and and this particular thing doesn't 17:36 really doesn't really help
the commander really I'm just trying to give you some tool instructions yeah
right um so chat 17:46 launched um video now so you can video call it and then
it will sort of interpret what you're saying so there's 17:53 that um there is
that uh although yeah yeah okay 18:03 can I tell you an idea I had about yes I
just I just realized I got 18:09 old Anton on you there uh right it's hard to
it's hard to not 18:14 be a [ __ ] when you're when you're sitting in the PM
seat it's it really is 18:21 hard um but uh an idea I had and it 18:26 would be
great if you could do a this is an extra for expert an extra for Christmas
request if you could do a 18:32 sweep on the on the transcriptions to pull out
ideas because ideas can act as 18:39 um Solutions without a stuck yet and they
often quite good to track as well 18:46 um uh that would be uh I could use um
we've got all the 18:54 transcripts back through November I can go back
previously but I've not 19:01 done it um uh and using rag we could 19:06 get uh
not very smart but identification of topics for sure I 19:13 think so okay
something like that um and 19:18 so an idea I had was 19:24 to get that real
time voice thing cuz right now what we're taking advantage of is is the fact
that having a realtime 19:30 voice conversation is much more comfortable and
softer on our intellects to be able to you know chat and go back 19:37 and forth
but that real time voice kind of does that and so it might be possible to wire
up the realtime voice so that it 19:44 could do the project manager job as well
like obviously you would have to tweak it and tune it a lot but to scale out
19:50 the system you could make it so that contributors can chat to the real
time voice bot and it's steering them through 19:58 the project manager
interrogation process that you're trying to do on me right now uh or we're
trying to do on 20:05 each other really and it would mean that it doesn't need a
a you know it's just a 20:12 a stop Gap right because it might be nicer and
easier to do your updates um like that would be that' be 20:19 awesome that's a
good idea um I've noticed that the latest uh interruptible 20:25 voice chat from
uh CHP talks a lot faster because that used to be doing my 20:31 head in because
it just talked really slowly in the Califor accent yeah um but 20:37 uh so let
me show you what I let me show you what I was going to do 20:43 um did you see
what I did with conat there or you not you missed it I know I wasn't I was
thinking about your idear 20:51 you know yeah s i not yeah so what I did was I
was first of all I don't use the 20:57 dash dash output anymore and take
advantage of the fact that it auto outputs as concat do 21:04 text mhm whereas
right in your bin file here you've got 21:10 um uh no it's under naps now uh
because one day it will be 21:18 one it may already be one buddy brief the
commander that's the one so that's the latest B um oh that's 21:27 not my latest
Bash well it's the one it's the latest committed one buddy so you know don't
21:33 don't talk to me about right okay I need to talk to you about uh it's on
21:39 reasoning yeah I pulled reasoning in here I'm I'm what I do is I look at
your 21:44 commits and then I merge your branch into next so that I have your
latest commits and can see them that's what I 21:50 do my bad your bad
definitely your bad okay so 21:56 um tree is defitely one that yeah I'll admit
that 22:02 um we might need to add that into concat as a feature to add the tree
um 22:10 but uh it actually because of the way that 22:15 it um gives you a file
name in in all the you know begin file blah blah blah 22:22 o1 does a great job
at knowing what the hierarchy of the files is anyway so it 22:28 doesn't seem to
really help it any to give it the the file system tree when 22:35 it's implied
by the file names in all the files that you added yeah so the thing that I
didn't 22:42 commit um and therefore you can't see uh this is probably a topic
for uh 22:49 tomorrow um but um what done is uh for 22:54 each file and folder I
get the AI to um do a one L summary um so that it can see 23:01 the whole thing
um summarized yeah yeah yeah yeah so I've 23:07 been doing that too for code
module generation but critically I've been telling it to ignore um minor files
so not every file 23:17 only the files that are uh consumed or exported by other
files so I'm trying to 23:25 it's for high level view only the little files are
not yeah so s similar idea bit 23:30 more a bit more refined on that one yeah
yeah less is more is generally the rule um by the way i1's context window is 100
23:37 uh is 100 kilot tokens out which is massive that's like about five six
times 23:45 what 40's is and its int input context window is 200 kilot tokens
which is 23:54 Big yeah yeah um and uh to date any of 24:00 these briefings
haven't been more than the tiny that counters that counter is quite cool right
the counter for the 24:05 tokens yeah so what I'm trying to show you here is
that this concat instead of being three commands um could have been just uh
24:14 could have been just one concat and one tree and the way you would do that
is 24:20 that you would tell tree to um you put two arrows 24:26 in so one Arrow
cuz you'd want to re overwrite the just settle down settle 24:33 down Sunshine
okay all right so you'd go first of all You' go concat you don't need the output
cuz 24:40 you've got a default file and then you'd say this is one glob pattern
oh I I see 24:46 where you're going and you got it oh you do now so I would I
would add to um that in 24:54 that uh just doing concat uh now this is my work
to do but uh 25:04 sometimes the references um are wrong what do you mean the
references are wrong um so if you look at uh actually 25:12 you can't cuz it's
not it's no longer in the repo but concat Engish the read means um uh the B
script which I haven't 25:20 committed um writes in saying okay so now you're
talking about the read me for 25:26 the commander domain now you're talking
about yeah but that's in the it comes out in the file path right cuz this
command 25:34 here this one command will do all of those individual commands and
output it 25:40 into a single context file and then all you do is you do the
tree and you um 25:47 append it at the end of concat yeah okay all right I'm
give that a go um um this 25:55 is actually interesting enough the thing that um
was hardest to get Commander to actually do what my brain wanted it to 26:04 do
yesterday was to get the briefing in a nice format so um I'm more than 26:09
willing to uh give that an experiment right so if I if I actually do this 26:17
um and you would have run this at the route right yeah you would have run it
26:24 at the base of the folder the base of the reasoning folder the only other
thing I did was um I pointed the output 26:32 to uh downloads to keep it off the
repo yeah but if you use if you just use 26:38 concat conat gets ignored uh in
the git commits anyway 26:44 so uh okay and and additionally you should also use
the text format 26:49 otherwise the the auto format is for markdown will kick in
when you view it 26:55 and it will it will mangle the entire it'll mangle the
file how was that done 27:01 I don't understand what you just said well you were
using you were trying to Output as like something something MD 27:09 and because
it ends an MD Visual Studio code tries to autof format it sometimes 27:14 which
can mess with it but if you leave it as text.txt it won't touch it so the 27:20
outp being conat txt yeah yeah yeah and 27:25 but moreover if you don't specify
output file which is how I intended concat to be used you'll get concat do text
which 27:33 is automatically ignored by the get ignore file so down here where
we have 27:38 get ignore it says don't don't include 27:44 don't include concats
and that way you can have these all littered about your see they show up grayed
out cuz they're 27:50 not they're not got yeah yeah now um I just made this uh
conat do text here 27:58 which should have had everything that you um that you
28:05 wanted um and because it includes the file path 28:12 yep that's what lets
o o1 does a good job of reconstructing the hierarchy from 28:19 that um okay so
but uh do he still need 28:25 to hold hold the tree at all then well no not
really cuz the tree the tree is 28:31 there you you like try it out for yourself
use this and then ask questions about the tree but what you're doing is 28:39
different where you're maintaining a tree that has the so whats it has all 28:44
the little notes about why this thing's there what it does and all that that's a
different file that's a valuable file 28:50 and and I use one of those files for
my for the modules I make okay but that's not coming out from 28:57 tree tree
the information contained in tree is 29:02 duplicated by the file paths in the
to 29:07 push back if uh it knows so begin file if you go back to that last time
oh I'm 29:12 sorry um wherever you were back there there you are begin begin
file right so it 29:19 knows engine atomics yeah um and then it's got the
contents of it 29:25 yeah um then and is it worth do you think um having 29:33 a
um scrunched uh so 29:38 what I think I think it's absolutely worth the scrunch
so what because um the so what tells 29:46 you um the reason I've been using it
uh is 29:54 because I've started to try and do a like a three-phased 30:00
approach to the code generation where first I say here's the file system 30:07
structure with all the scrunched so what how would you change this to solve this
30:14 new problem that I've got that's that's yeah and then I haven't actually
30:19 committed that's yeah and then once it's changed that then I'm like okay
that's good and then I debate it on the order 30:26 of the internals of the the
file because I've been using the file that I generate 30:32 also includes like
the the hittings of the of the markdown files so it goes 30:38 deeper than just
the file name it goes into the contents of the file names for the code I'm
making it um list in the so 30:46 what um it lists out what the um exported
function names were and the 30:53 parameter types and so I've got this it's not
just the files it's one level deeper as well and then I debate with 31:00 the
bot as to okay what overall needs to change and then the order because if I'm
31:06 going to modify the read me and I control the sections first and then
31:12 finally I I create or fill in or change the actual sections then I get a
better 31:20 a better control of the result that that's interesting um I think
I'm coming at it from the same angle from a 31:26 different direction if that
makes sense it doesn't yeah um a different I'm coming at it from a different
Vector the 31:33 rule the rule seems to be that you just go like Global
something and then actual 31:40 generation but one of the things that I'm
finding really useful is uh if it 31:45 has this Rich context about the on
liners um then you can ask at things 31:51 like uh I'm trying to do this um do
you want any more information and it knows 31:58 saying yes I would like to know
more about this file this file this file um and then you can tell it about
exactly 32:05 what it's asked to look into um 32:11 so uh for example on the
commander um the transcripts have got uh the 32:18 summaries it knows about the
summaries fine you're talking about a topic um and 32:24 it knows okay so you
talked about that two weeks ago you talked about a month ago and two days ago
and yesterday um 32:31 can I see more detail about the files that I know because
I know the felt photo 32:36 structure but it doesn't have the content the raw
contents so it can ask to drill down and that that's been quite 32:44 successful
so far so it's like what um oh yeah right yeah yeah so you're like here's
everything where do you want to 32:50 walk to and you allow want any more
information happy to give you more 32:55 information so here's something I
wanted to show you that I think is a legitimate 33:01 thing for you to ask me to
do it's a legitimate task to assign me um using the 33:06 stuck defined in S1
take the code in the get KV module 33:17 and update the stuck based on what this
code does since 33:24 this code solves this stuck but I need a good problem
33:32 statement in Reverse if you catch my drift 33:42 homie okay right okay so
it's like uh this I 33:47 think I've solved this stock the stock was yeah a bit
vague yeah the stuck was 33:53 a bit vague give me yeah I'm stting yeah yeah
yeah yeah cuz you you saying to me 33:58 hey dude go off and I this is a stter
for 10 Stock description you go off and 34:04 you you make a good one so yeah
because that that allows your monkey brain to 34:10 actually say I know we're
going for this and I think I've solved it yeah and so 34:17 you're applying that
leveling thing to me right cuz you've got this overview of all the stucks and
then you're like this 34:23 particular stuck and you might porn off the whole
one or you might might say 34:28 this section heading or this group of sections
in the stuck is illogical 34:35 inconsistent has some issues please can you fix
it and so I'm able you're telling me what scope you want a 34:41 modification to
the file system made and I'm like sure buddy I love that I love 34:46 that I
love that because uh yeah you um you get the drift of what the St is so 34:53 we
can be and even like we're we're doing it now this process we're debating folder
structure of the project 35:00 management um uh nap and and after we've got the
folder structure and then we're 35:05 going to debate the structure of the
individual files and we're going to jump between those different um levels a bit
35:13 and then eventually we'll settle down on a lot of actual execution yeah
yeah no I like that I 35:19 like that a lot so yeah also um with that kind 35:28
of uh you basically it's uh earthing uh through uh your brain okay I 35:37 know
what the stuck says and uh through my experience here's what it does update
35:43 the stuck but then also you can Traverse what other stocks uh may be
dependent on 35:49 that or maybe duped and so on so there's a further step um
after 35:58 that earthing step Okay I uh I'll think about that but I think
that's um 36:03 brilliant that that's good okay and so yeah I mean this this
takes a this will 36:10 take a couple more tweaks but in essence you know it's
it's a I feel like that's a better description than what's in 36:16 there right
now cuz it really gets into the heart of um why it's 36:25 needed because it has
something to yeah because it's got a lot to bite on 36:30 right like it can bite
on the actual code I I leave notes in my readms as to what this thing does
there's comments in 36:37 the code that say why certain areas are tricky and
need to be paid attention to it can look at all that and then go 36:44 smush and
now you've got a really good quality stuck so one of the things that we need to
approach as a probably a 36:52 crucial task I would say is is getting down what
a good solid definition of a 37:00 stuck looks like and I don't think there's
any point in trying to just declare what the format is it's a format 37:07 that
needs to be iterated upon where we're like started for 10 started for 10 and
then we just keep figuring out the 37:13 minimum that we need and then we're
like that's the stuck format just like we did with the definitions in in the
domains 37:21 and then we just go hey I got a new Stu and immediately it's got
all these other stucks that we said were good and it's 37:27 it's like oh yeah
blah blah blah there you go done no I I I agree uh okay I 37:33 love that it's
uh it's like um make a right a stock for I want a play called 37:38 Hamlet about
some Danish dude um it's like well here's Hamlet then okay update 37:44 the
stuck yeah it's going to be much richer much better right yeah yeah yeah 37:49
okay um okay I like that like that so that's cool uh do you want what do you
want me 37:56 to do with this you I'll just leave it I'll send it over to you
cuz you can't 38:03 see this cuz I'm on my Branch I'll paste it over to you on
38:10 WhatsApp yeah yeah cool just sort of uh there you go and there's 38:16
some I I'll I'll consider this transcript um the bash script uh 38:23 actually
um used inference to add some addition linking information beyond the 38:30
concat but uh probably two days from now I'll 38:36 show you that b script and
you can see whether you could move any of the that 38:41 into the concat tool
yeah okay what now y um right so uh so 38:51 we've looked at the stocks um now
the next thing is well did we though like 38:57 isn't isn't the stocks the main
thing to go through and we didn't really we just sort of I was going I was going
to go 39:03 through uh the overview in order to yeah the overview yeah okay so
on the over 39:09 overview and so the next piece your choice really uh you've
got messages 39:16 Christ I don't get those very often yeah you got the messages
that be sent over yeah um but what would be good is 39:23 comments about each of
these so these what's these sorry these 39:28 stucks comments about the sticks
let's do that that to me is the most important thing yeah yeah 39:39 okay we
still scared doesn't we actually got something to talk about as opposed 39:48 to
execution versus radiation exactly when the dreamer goes 39:53 to war so um this
list I disagree with 39:58 it because I think 40:05 that well the format I think
that uh number eight is actually the most 40:12 important and I think that yeah
also number eight buddy I am trying 40:20 to play nice with the bot and I think
that saying number eight is sufficient 40:25 how about I shut up I I am aware
that this is a transcript 40:31 about to be passed by a machine okay I'm trying
to I'm trying to work with it I'm 40:36 trying to work with it have clch I think
that uh number eight 40:43 comes uh first then I think that number nine comes
40:49 second um oh sorry sorry sorry number seven comes second and then number
one which is the 40:57 git based um artifact and then number 41:03 nine kind of
gets bumped way down the bottom CU we're not using the artifact 41:09 based
execution so the the order would go uh number one would be the standard 41:16
naap format definition um I don't know why it needs to be called standard nap it
is just the 41:23 nap format definition um then I would say the file system
based 41:32 nap execution so that's like how do I execute a nap but I'm using
the file 41:39 system instead of artif um and then after that the git 41:45
based artifact database which means that I'm now using um git as the file system
41:51 so now it runs in the cloud okay 41:59 and then I think the XML um it's
not data sync it's XML data 42:04 pull where we pull the data in from money
works and store it into artifact 42:10 and keep it in sync yeah okay I'm still
trying to be 42:18 quiet oh okay I'm done talking or the rest of it the rest of
it the order 42:23 doesn't really matter to me I don't think because I'm like I
really want to 42:29 do number 19 the automated 01 code generation but I'm like
that's actually 42:35 a tool for me to make to do what I think is make my life
easier I think that that 42:42 tool and all the tools actually depend on those
uh top three priorities anyway 42:49 cuz uh like you know how else are they
going to work other than as naps like 42:54 what's the point in just making them
as a hack together yeah okay um so one of the 43:02 things that um I'm working
on with Commander is to keep us honest about our 43:07 thinking mhm and so the
lowest uh level of knowledge that we can give it is a 43:14 simple statement
saying this should be priority X this should be priority X+ 43:21 one or
whatever right so this will be part of the rules of how we talk about stuff what
you're saying yeah but um 43:28 what I'm saying here is um in terms of this
priority list what i' like to do is 43:34 to link it to some kind of reasoning
chain inight of what the commander says 43:41 you know today this is the
priority list and here's why this is the priority list 43:47 M um and then link
that to the transcripts and the stocks in order for 43:53 it to say you see that
Priority One no you've missed this big Target uh in your 44:01 snip do you know
how to do that do you think you know how to do that cuz I don't I I think I
think it's possible um 44:08 now is it is it a useful thing like is that is it
worth defining it as a stock 44:15 this thing um if we go back to our oval all M
which 44:21 is to get uh the CRM up it's not necessary for the CRM because we
can 44:27 just simply assert it right so what uh high level stock what's the
highest 44:32 stock that that would serve that's the Commander stock right that
is the Commander stock that is so so I disagree 44:41 also with this Trucking uh
deliver the trucking app stuck okay can can I just 44:47 sorry can I just sure
go go go go yeah uh so um my top level stock is to 44:55 produce the commander
that listens to these transcripts knows all about this 45:01 uh folder structure
and stocks and so on and then can generate okay so what do I 45:06 do today um
in order that we can scale it now we agreed yesterday we don't need 45:13 to
scale yet so we can do that manually however right but where is that as a 45:18
stuck where is what you just said as a stuck I'm saying it now in order to get
in transcript okay great great lay it 45:26 down lay it down so um my that top
level stock what I want is uh to develop the 45:33 commander to the extent that
it can carry out tasks such as pointing out 45:40 glaring things that we should
be looking at but we're not um things that we have 45:46 contradicted ourselves
on or straight problems saying if you do that without 45:53 doing this it's not
going to work um that is my my top yeah but so what I 46:01 what I want to do
with that stuck is I want to break that down into drops or 46:07 iterations
Milestones because as one thing it's pointless to have a big thing 46:13 and
then you're just working working working until Tada it's all done so you should
be able to break that down into 46:20 partial uh what's the next deliverable of
the commander just like that's why I 46:25 disagree with 24 deliver the trucking
app is because it's not 46:32 covering um the breakdown of staged delivering
46:39 where we're saying that we're going to first deliver um just the XML files
read 46:46 and kept in sync from the DAT it's not it's not saying what the
deliverables are yeah I I agree uh let's not was what 46:55 time agree on this
one because uh we're talking about this all right so you'll need to you'll need
to work with that 47:01 stuck for the commander to break it down into these
little bits I think I 47:06 actually need to um uh break down cuz my thing that
I 47:13 think is my top level stuck independent of the trucking app is 47:21 um
it's it's like the this one automated 01 code generation 47:27 um stuck 19 very
low priority but you just mentioned it well well because it's 47:33 it's it's
the tooling that I want is to make my job easier cuz my job is 47:41 generating
code I've been given them the the freedom to choose how to do that and 47:47 the
reason we've suddenly switched roles like we just did is because my power to
generate code has just gone up like 20 47:55 fold Maybe even 40 fold over what
it ever was and that's why now I can 48:02 consume your project management as
though I was a team like I 48:07 can cons I need I can use that level of project
management attention because 48:12 that's now how much I can generate okay so we
met we touched on breaking down uh 48:19 yesterday but we never came to a
conclusion on it um I think the conclusion was a breakdown was another 48:24
stuck but we spit out um what stocks uh needed to be for example if we 48:34 had
um no no no no no no no don't do that to me don't just finish the summary 48:39
not an example the example is for lazy yes yesterday we're talking about uh
48:46 breaking down stocks my question is what is the format in terms of the
file and 48:52 foldo structure oh I think it's I think it's just um just keep it
flat uh keep it flat and 49:00 then the um have uh dependencies within the stuck
uh within 49:07 each stuck file and then you can make a dependency that shows
49:14 um just points to other stucks not um not um splitting out 49:22
dependencies like we split out priorities because the yeah don't across 49:27
different projects uh what what sorry cuz if we've got if we keep all the 49:32
stocks here in this one big folder right and then we never really read it 49:39
ourselves we only use the bot to pass it and generate these uh summary like
49:45 priority list is a good one cuz it's only got 23 items I don't know if you
chose that on purpose or whatever but 49:51 it's a it's a a set size and it's
linking out to everything in the flat 49:58 repo so as a human I come in I read
the linked list and then if I'm interested 50:04 in something I follow the link
I don't browse the pool of stucks in one shot 50:10 right so in a similar frame
my question um which don't have an answer to it is 50:15 uh would it be helpful
to have um uh like the priority list a CRM dependency 50:22 list so when you're
thinking about uh doing the CR m m you can look at just 50:28 those Stu thats
have anything to do with oh my friend my friend what you actually mean is can
you have a Gant chart of the 50:36 stocks related to the CRM right um yes and
filter it just a CRM and then right 50:43 yeah so what so what I what I think is
going on the way that I see the stuck format is that there's a section in 50:50
there that says dependencies now in the actual stucks format cre which is one of
50:57 these naps that I can't can't remember whatever but um the dependencies
would be a 51:05 separate data structure however when a human reads the stuck
they want to see the dependencies and so it makes sense 51:11 to for now in the
markdown format just have the dependencies as a section 51:17 within the within
the markdown document that just links out to the other stocks 51:22 that it uh
depends upon um and then you can use that to use 01 51:31 to generate summary
lists like a Gant chart 51:36 of dependencies like y y and and an important
point is being able to also 51:43 rely on 01 to generate reverse dependencies so
there's no need to store 51:48 the reverse dependency o1 can calculate it by
reading the whole lot uh okay um 51:58 yes because you don't know what the
reverse dependency is if you're just looking at a file you can't without 52:05
reading all the other files you can't tell what depends on this thing but given
that we'll just be doing a concat 52:11 of all the stocks each time and lumping
it into 01 it'll be able to work out what the reverse dependencies are okay
52:18 let's let's try that uh certainly in terms of uh um drops that that the
first 52:26 drop we can right right right so that's definitely yeah so that's
definitely a 52:32 stuck and a drop because that is a that's how we must present
the um 52:40 summary reports to the trucking guys because they'll understand a
Gant chart 52:45 with a delivery date they won't understand a bunch of text
files with markdown links yeah right yeah okay good 52:54 and uh sounds once we
the second drop um which is more hypothetical at the moment 53:00 would be um
look at all the stocks um that could use this as a dependency so 53:09 uh this
is D duplication look at all the stocks that could use this as a dependency
what's 53:16 this so um can I use an example I want I want yeah I want a 53:23
specific like that's a that's one example what getting out is you start
explaining things and then you launch 53:30 off into an example and I'm like I
you could have just been a couple seconds 53:36 more telling me or finishing off
what the summary was so that I know what I'm looking for cuz that example could
have 53:42 meant a wide range of things and so you take up more of my Ram
because I'm now tracking what it could be oh I'm with 53:50 you D all right yeah
that's fine so um if uh and this is dropped to too and I 53:57 don't know how to
do this yet but if we have um uh 54:03 stocks uh and one stock has a bunch of
dependencies um and one of those 54:09 dependencies uh is another stock that
stock could be very similar to another 54:15 one and actually you could dup it
yep um uh as a phase two it's like well you 54:22 don't need to rewrite this
twice because this needs it and this needs 54:28 it right I would have thought
that would be part of drop one but sure you can split it out like that um well
maybe 54:35 drop one yeah yeah and then I think the other drops that you're
talking about will really be so the first 54:42 drop for Commander are about the
feature set or basically the technique the 54:49 rules the this the sort of hand
copied prompts the folder structure all that 54:55 right and then once we've got
that then we're like the next drop is 55:00 automation right just like for me
writing code was the first drop really 55:05 was the concat tool um plus the
techniques on how to how to do patches 55:11 on code versus you know like those
techniques would drop one cuz it works it's just 55:19 manual and I have to be
involved drop two is like when it's automated I I I 55:25 agree um and that uh
speaks to my day yesterday where I spent um about 2third 55:33 of the day uh
trying to um rewrite Commander prompt in order to get what I 55:41 want and it
was just just not getting it and so I went to raw o1 and I did it and 55:49 you
know just prompting it which is the manual step um now do that enough uh I
should 55:58 be able to go back and then write the CIS prompt yeah for Commander
yeah uh 56:04 that does what I'm doing in my head even though it's yeah and I'd
also just C I'd 56:09 caution you there that um once we have access to the the
system prompt of 01 56:16 you may find that your results were would have worked
if if you were able to 56:23 give a system prompt um well my uh expectation is
that 56:29 we'll get um access to that system PR we we technically have it now
but it's just 56:35 not on the priority list for us for me to enable that for us
right so again you 56:40 could you could turn around and tell me look I need a
playground thing at the very least um but here's here's a place 56:47 where like
reasoning needs to be applied because you could argue that uh open AI 56:54 will
very soon put the 01 system prompt access into the playground and so any 57:00
work that we did to put it in our stuff was not wasted because we needed it
anyway wasn't good timing in terms of 57:08 getting to what we declared are the
aims because it took time off this other 57:15 thing right whereas I we could
have just waited and then you'd get what you wanted and would get an extra thing
that 57:20 I worked on instead I agree this is not something for for you so uh
more precise 57:27 what I'm saying is this is take your sniper um Observer uh
spotter analy um 57:36 uh I'm uh spotting around here now uh 57:41 that spotting
I'm doing manually um it can be automated or I'm 57:47 expecting it to be able
to be automated but when the automation tool comes through I need to tell it
about spotting 57:58 um so it's still it's still useful but it is manual at the
58:03 moment okay so um I'd like to move on for that one unless you got anything
58:09 else moving on moving on helps the sniper find identify and 58:14 range
targets maintain situational awareness tracks bullet impact we could 58:22 just
leave our bullet and say tracks impact relays correction and provides 58:28
security that's pretty much it yeah it's uh yeah identify what what we do assess
58:36 um how it's worked and um maintain are we missing something really yeah I
think 58:42 that I think that um the work you have in front of you which is
58:48 um just being the commander and whilst developing the commander is like
quite a 58:56 lot of work that's very meaningful and useful for us but it's also
like 59:02 um oh what's the bloody word for it 59:08 like there's also a lot of
other tasks involved in making the commander that uh 59:14 like I really do
think you've got your work cut out for for the foreseeable future I think I
59:22 agree and the discipline I think is uh yes was one of the my my brain was
59:28 actually sore yesterday uh yeah I might argue that those long days you've
been doing chatting to 01 Pro maybe they 59:36 weren't actually that hard they
were more flights of fancy because when you 59:41 actually do some hard grinding
work your head's like I can't I can't go on I need to stop yeah but there's
there's a lot 59:47 of spinning plates and the question is which placees do you
care about and which you don't but what I was saying is 59:54 uh the discipline
is in handing you a well defined Target yeah yeah yeah yeah 1:00:00 that's the
thing because otherwise I'm like well it's not possible for me to look at
1:00:06 the level of detail I have to for the code generation but also keep
trying to look around and see the whole thing and 1:00:12 and and also as part
of that to give you enough targets because if you're sitting you know two three
hours between targets 1:00:18 and hey hey I need I need a pish now I should be
loaded properly and I should 1:00:23 know what if I get stuck somewhere I'm like
I know what number two is as well 1:00:28 right and in fact the commander should
be there in a way that I can chat to it and be like hey I had this problem you
1:00:35 know what next and it would be like well based on all this stuff you
should do 1:00:41 this thing yeah yeah take that guy out yeah um okay good uh so
uh moving on 1:00:49 because we've now got 32 minutes left yep sounds good to me
buddy me too like to go through your whatsapps which I've 1:00:57 not read which
seem to be a bunch of notes that you wanted to bring up yep 1:01:02 okay I'll
bring them up s28 is 1:01:09 done so yeah s28 was unifying the code and
knowledge 1:01:14 repositories I've done the merge um but I think you need
1:01:20 to call that done but also make us another stuck that is the the ability
to 1:01:26 break apart the reasoning nap into these 1:01:32 individual naps and
you've started to do it here but that that work to split it 1:01:38 out you know
cuz domains are still sitting here and I think that each domain is its own nap I
1:01:45 think um because it contains sort of his of 1:01:51 his it contains a
bunch of knowledge and you're going to intend to chat with it it uh and you're
also definitely going 1:01:59 to want other agents to talk to it via plain text
like you're typing away 1:02:06 writing code and you're like hey I need to ask
the commander what I should do 1:02:12 about this thing and that thing right cuz
this Commander that you're building it's not just for 1:02:19 people right well
absolutely right it's for once we get a little bit more 1:02:24 autonomous cuz I
can see 01 being able to grind on its own for a day even and 1:02:33 it's going
to have questions that need a human answer but some of those questions can be
answered by the commander where 1:02:39 it's like I have some options these are
my options which one should I choose and 1:02:46 it should ask the commander
what's most important to the project I I experienced that yesterday 1:02:52 when
uh one prompt which I thought was quite simple uh took uh 9 minutes to come back
and it 1:02:59 came back with a question saying I don't understand this it's
like holy smoke 1:03:05 nine minutes of reasoning yeah to come back with a why
yeah it's 1:03:12 like wow that's meaty okay it it was meaty and uh the longest
thinking I've 1:03:18 ever got is I think 2 minutes 48 uh no I'm I'm regularly
getting six 1:03:24 seven minutes really but the the name was a kind of open eye
thing um which 1:03:31 just means need you know I'm running multiple tabs and
then you know kind of manually doing the that you know 1:03:38 reasoning thing
anyway so your point being if I got this right is domain 1:03:45 domains as a
format for example Commander includes the nap and the yeah 1:03:52 that's right
cuz you've got naps here and so you'd sort of want to say that actually what you
mean is this thing 1:04:00 goes in there I think that makes bunch of sense and
so so another I'll show you an example of what I've been doing with 1:04:07 a
brand new nap when I'm just starting is that I created a file called seed so
1:04:14 I was starting to make the stuck snap and I made the seed of the stuck
snap 1:04:19 which is just a list of points that say what I know about it so far
1:04:26 I'm not I'm not ready to commit to the full definition I'm just dropping
down 1:04:31 bits and pieces Snippets as they occur that's all right and so
that's probably 1:04:37 what your um that's that's like um similar to what we're
talking about is a 1:04:43 direct stuck it's like oh you're you're stuck what do
you mean and you just put stuff in yeah and maybe there's context 1:04:50 maybe
there's not and then this thing like um Dior transcripts that might be 1:04:57
better as an actual stuck because you want this nap and you're like here's the
1:05:04 thing you know or or you could just make it in the in uh talk to me if
do do you 1:05:11 want me to make these into naps in the in the list of naps
here 1:05:17 um uh might as well right so in this in this structure each 1:05:23
one of these folders is a nap and so I could take these things and 1:05:29 I
could start skeleton them out to be the actual naps that you want so that
1:05:35 they're at least stubbed um uh they look good to me yeah yeah so 1:05:44
um we're going to get quite a large number of folders there that's the point
though so what I've done with that for 1:05:51 instance is I had a a collection
of naps that look like tools 1:05:56 uh sorry not tools they looked like utils
and so I just made a folder 1:06:04 and then I put these naps like the concat
nap inside of the utils folder 1:06:09 and now it's nice and neat and tucked
away no problem okay so if we were to get some high level types um of naps
1:06:19 yeah um and then inside of that nap sorry inside of each type yeah we be
a 1:06:26 folder um and that inside of that folder would contain the similar
things like 1:06:32 groupings of and then na yeah yeah and the instruction
itself um and the 1:06:37 definitions might be0 to n because it might not need
any definitions right 1:06:44 that's right but it might need a lot yeah um so
happy to yeah yeah yeah so 1:06:51 well why don't you line up the things that
you think are naps here and then you and I will periodically flush that 1:06:58
folder where we debate with each other what's same same and what's 1:07:04
different and then I'll merge I'll create them as naps because these need code
1:07:09 right um yeah but not not all of them do yeah they all no I mean no no
no no 1:07:18 yeah so what you're talking about there is where the only
difference is a prompt 1:07:23 I'd argue that that's not that doesn't warrant a
nap in itself and what it should be is a nap that has different 1:07:31 tool
calls that select a different prompt and then do the exact same thing with the
only difference being the 1:07:38 prompt right um uh that is just uh um I think
1:07:45 that's that's an extra step that's not needed uh under the nap format
that say simp yeah but but it seems a waste of a 1:07:52 nap folder to make one
where the only thing that's different is the prompt because you know what are
you 1:08:00 going to do with that like you might as well make it sort of one
group of 1:08:05 prompts that are similar or related and then all when I'm a
consumer of it I only got to pull in that one plus that 1:08:14 nap can have a
sort of a directory service function where like if I call 1:08:19 that nap using
the plain text interface I'm just like hey what can you do and it's like well I
can diar transcripts I 1:08:27 can blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah right and oh okay ah right okay yeah yeah yeah you know we 1:08:32 gotta we
we got to we got to be able to there is a there is a loss in giving the 1:08:39
llm all the tool calls and so what we want is to give it like a tool call
1:08:45 folder that it can navigate in and be like oh hey I need that tool call
it 1:08:52 calls a special system function that will rejig its tool calls and
now it's got a tool call that it 1:08:58 walked to instead of that it was given
I I agree um have you noticed that uh the 1:09:05 conversation on stocks seem
remarkably similar to the conversation on naps when we were talking about how do
we um order 1:09:14 we've got a whole bunch of flat stocks but we've got the
priority list uh and then we've got uh yeah Discovery 1:09:22 discoveries yeah
but it's because that's just discovery of any that's just databases 1:09:28
that's just yeah information that's all that is the point being is um well okay
1:09:36 um uh what would you suggest in terms of the change of the folder
structure given 1:09:43 that we've got domains and naps uh and we've just talked
about domains I think 1:09:49 that what you should do is is you should you
should have a stu that you should finalize the Naps that you want 1:09:56 and
then you and I will come in here and have a separate conversation where the
stock that we're 1:10:02 trying to solve is let's just call it how to Splat the
Naps where we're going 1:10:07 to take we're going to take all the things that
inside this one folder You' have decided warrant being individual 1:10:14 naps
will'll debate them down or or separate them out or refine them 1:10:20 together
and then I'll take them and splat them across the The Wider nap file system
system 1:10:26 here and then next done what I suggest then is what I do is uh
for each of 1:10:32 these domains um these are sets of definitions 1:10:37
definitions who cares about definitions unless it refers to a nap um and so all
those should be um 1:10:47 inside of folders inside of the nap so we should have
a commander we should have decentralized ai um nap yep uh yep 1:10:56 and uh we
can then refer stocks to how we want to improve the commander nap how 1:11:03 we
want to improve the decentralized AI nap yep yep yep oh great okay so the
1:11:09 Naps can be categorized or linked to specific naps if we follow this
format 1:11:14 too right I think so yeah I think that work well okay I think
it's worth a 1:11:20 try yeah okay that's cool 1:11:25 that is cool and also a
lot of the inventor notebook stuff uh I think I've not done 1:11:31 this yet but
there's a lot of stuff in there and on your Christmas ask of going 1:11:37 back
of ideas that we had and we've forgotten oh like that could be a that 1:11:44
could be a nap the inven the inventor nap yeah yeah and it's almost like um
1:11:50 almost like you need a stub naap yeah I'll do deal with that don't
1:11:55 worry about that I'll deal with that okay uh can hit yourself there
buddy I think yeah yeah yeah yeah probably 1:12:02 that's napping away um okay
the current stock format is toos we've done we've 1:12:09 covered that um what
else was up I turned off the 1:12:16 branch delete so there's no more yeah thank
you for but just don't just don't don't do PRS because PRS should be 1:12:23
something that we do together not something that just one of us does um 1:12:28
what I do is I commit to reasoning yeah uh you can look at reasoning yeah when
1:12:33 you when you when you think yeah when you think that it's ready you can
start a PR but we should together merge the pr 1:12:41 and well um to be honest
um uh what I'd 1:12:48 prefer to do see if this works for you is I only work in
reasoning as if it was 1:12:53 main yep yep perfectly fine um I know just commit
to me commit to reasoning yeah yeah so what I do is 1:13:00 every morning I get
up and I I look for your commits this is what I do anyway and then now all I'll
do is I'll just 1:13:06 merge that into next so I've got like you don't really
care about what I'm doing I don't think but I care about 1:13:14 what you're
doing and so I merge it into next yeah cool and then um we can maybe 1:13:20
have a high level discussion uh well actually even that quite highly 1:13:26
discussion if you're merging into next that means you're content with it fact
that I've committed it means I'm content 1:13:31 with it and so you know it's
just uh it doesn't my merging it doesn't content 1:13:37 doesn't signal that I'm
content I will I I merge it so I can read it it's easier for me to read it CU
1:13:44 all all I'm doing is I'm looking at the the get tool here and so I I see
what 1:13:52 you do here it's easier for me to look at the diffs um in this way
so that's why I 1:13:59 merge it in and I fig like you know and and and if I'm
going to fix anything I 1:14:04 need it merged in anyway like I don't want to
fix it on your branch do we need uh to project management wise um have a 1:14:12
periodic merge conversation yeah periodically periodically but but that's
1:14:18 um that's just you know I'll I'll know when that's due and then I'll H
you up 1:14:23 about it do you want me to say oi matey uh we should be merging
or do I wait for 1:14:29 you to say o m I don't I don't think at the moment I'm
not sure at the moment you 1:14:35 would know when it's time like the the time
for see cuz I'm not merging to main 1:14:41 either right I'm just sitting on I'm
sitting on next and I'm pulling in your stuff every time you do anything but
1:14:48 when we merge to main is when we actually publish uh naps to jsr and
1:14:54 we're current currently a bit wounded at the moment because of all the
refactoring that I was doing with artifact and so the publish is broken 1:15:03
but um sometime soon there probably warrants being a stuck in itself is to
1:15:10 repair the state of the repository so that it publishes the Naps to jsr
and 1:15:16 that means that they genuine packages published snapshotted ready to
go right 1:15:23 cuz one thing we haven't sorry uh so this is a question and
again this is my 1:15:28 naivity uh cuz I'm not a hardcore G user like you
you've bled through your eyes 1:15:35 get um so uh I do a whole bunch of work on
reasoning i h commit that you look at 1:15:42 it um you merge what if uh half
the stuff uh you say yeah okay and I don't 1:15:51 I'm not necessarily content
with it but I'm going to consider it by putting it onto next yeah the other half
is like uh 1:15:58 I think you just pasted your recipe for lamb Ro and Josh dude
what's that doing in there yeah so when there's errors 1:16:04 like that I'll
I'll genely try and correct them on your branch cuz I feel 1:16:10 like like if
I spot it that it's been deleted um that's a temporary problem 1:16:15 because
first of all you'll just naturally get better at spotting those things and
second of all very soon I 1:16:22 would hope I mean it's probably worthy of a
stuck in itself is that we'll be able to have some automation that can 1:16:30
take the sit there and when you try when you do a commit um the the nap kicks
off takes 1:16:39 the diff pushes it to 01 and says here's a 1:16:45 list of
business rules for things that we want did anything get was information 1:16:50
destroyed yes was it does it look like it was intentional no buch yeah yeah okay
okay 1:16:59 good yeah all right fine so cuz I actually think that that's a very
valid thing that we could sell is being able 1:17:05 to hook up naps into the pr
cycle of get so you you do 1:17:13 something and then naturally these Advanced
AI kick off and do whatever you 1:17:18 want pulling in from our app store um
probably you know it makes it easy for 1:17:24 people config things like that
it's a good chance somewhere there's a couple uh guys inside of GitHub doing
exactly 1:17:32 that right now and you know they'll just launch it at some point
um no but I 1:17:37 think I think what I'm proposing is better because it's a
way all all we're doing just like I'm saying that we can 1:17:44 make a nap C we
can also make just like a nap 1:17:49 CLI uh a nap GitHub action and that means
that 1:17:55 because the nap C can run any nap then the GitHub uh action um nap
Runner can 1:18:05 run any nap or combination of naps that you like and that's
what makes it useful 1:18:10 because it would because uh the utility of GitHub
is um uh unquestionable right 1:18:17 now fantastic however yesterday I still
managed yesterday morning still managed 1:18:23 to delete the branch that I was
working on and to nearly 1:18:28 PR yeah yeah and it's it's sort of like um yes
you could make a point solution 1:18:35 that has these tools for AI processing
but we're saying that naps give us this 1:18:42 generalized thing that well yes
but the um the thing is uh that nap uh we're 1:18:48 getting a little bit off
piece here but I think it's worth it because we're getting towards the end of
the call um 1:18:54 the uh uh get up is um is well expressed and well documented
and there's 1:19:00 something for 01 to get his teeth into there yeah um and uh
therefore an 1:19:06 interface that knew about GitHub um and I uh was going
through in 1:19:13 natural L saying right what I what my intention is is to uh
uh to commit 1:19:21 this uh uh as a at the time it was a PR that's mistake
that's where I went wrong 1:19:29 commited as a PR and it would also know based
on contact saying hey Tom saying 1:19:35 don't do PR dude yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah because it would it one of the Naps could have been to talk to the
commander 1:19:40 and it's like is this PR in the list and then yeah so yeah and
I also can see 1:19:48 into this F but that is you know that that is Poli for
christas it's G well it's not that far off I mean it's like 1:19:54 you do a
commit and then the commander kicks in and it acts like a QA and it's like oh we
ticked off a range of things 1:20:02 here more than what was stated and so you
know these stucks are now resolved 1:20:07 off you go good work yeah it would be
a so like you commit and then the Gan 1:20:13 chart updates and republishes on
the website that's basically how it goes but 1:20:18 also if I'm uh if I'm
committing into reasoning um uh what i' would like to do 1:20:25 or like that
hypothetical um nap to do is to say uh right okay so let's check 1:20:33 uh that
number one your comments uh let's refer those back to stucks cuz why you doing
it um uh number 1:20:43 two if you're doing something is not stuck explain
yourself number three is this likely to be rejected because 1:20:49 you're
breaking something else in another Branch M um and it's like oh 1:20:55 sorry I
just accidentally shot over one of your files sorry about that that was a
complete 1:21:00 mistake um instead of what you're doing at the moment well
basically everything when you're looking at 1:21:06 diffs um your thought
processes you think are does that diff make sense it's 1:21:14 like yeah there
was a couple of points there that you didn't use get move as 1:21:19 well um I
saw that you had in some cases but you had not in others so just 1:21:25 another
friendly poke to um yeah I um uh I've not looked into the I was 1:21:32 using
git move um but um I didn't use it for deleting files CU I created a couple
1:21:39 files yeah if you delete them that's fine but if you move them around or
you rename them then get move as your as 1:21:46 your friend but it's more
cosmetic other minor point from actually yesterday I 1:21:51 didn't um ask you
about this one uh you one of your text uh was uh this is a brilliant thing and
1:21:58 then I clicked on it and it said 404 um you'll see it in your text
stream 1:22:05 uh from yesterday uh and I was like well I don't know what you're
talking about um yeah I remember that 1:22:12 let me pull it up um just before
we finish the the GitHub action 1:22:18 Runner I just realized that if we set up
the commander and I'm not sure if it's in drop 1 two or three or what whatever
1:22:24 but if we can set up the commander so that it reruns each time there's a
um a 1:22:30 commit which could include a commit of transcripts a commit of some
reasoning work or whatever that's when it would 1:22:37 rerun the report for the
trucking guys and be like has anything significant 1:22:42 changed yes or no
okay I need to email them oh actually uh that's interesting 1:22:48 because
autopilot um do we does stucks cover 1:22:56 drops yeah because they're yeah
they the right level of stuck if we're talking 1:23:02 about higher level stuck
um we're saying right we're going to be doing that uh and then we can reason
through about 1:23:09 what the functionality is or the AI can saying uh in this
in this drop you're 1:23:15 getting this this and this okay right yeah yeah so
it just pulled that link 1:23:22 and it's like oh oh because it sounded like
you're going hey this is really good it's like okay well 1:23:28 I want to
double down on whatever Behavior was and then I clicked on that and 1:23:34 went
oh yeah I know what that was it's cuz I migrated the 1:23:40 thing if it's gone
it's gone that's fine it's not gone it's not gone nothing that's why you should
never really worry 1:23:46 too much cuz nothing's really gone and get here
1:24:06 this bit this was good old so uh we've got 8 minutes left uh is 1:24:16
there I would love to know why this was gold but this is not necessarily on our
1:24:21 core stream for today um but if there's nothing else from your side
there's nothing else from my side at the 1:24:30 moment uh so I'd love to know
why this is called because this was just uh 1:24:38 generated from the uh
summary nap yeah um well because it's like you 1:24:45 know all the key meaty
bits of the whole conversation um all in one shot you know 1:24:54 and I was
just like I've never had you know you ask for you get someone taking notes in a
meeting and or someone is 1:25:01 like I'll do a meeting summary and it never
comes out as clean as this you 1:25:07 know like ah yeah um uh you should see
that in all the summaries uh the um I 1:25:14 think it was only three days ago
that I realized putting those time stamps in 1:25:21 it's really useful to be
able to drill down human brain cuz what I've been using it is like okay command
a platform 1:25:27 with hierarchical graph based structures yeah you could
probably um actually make a live YouTube link that linked to that 1:25:33 time
now cuz all it is is like a format of a link and then a you add the time 1:25:39
I'm just going back to the video and then just fast forwarding it to that time
and then it's exactly what we've been talking about so we can jump around
1:25:46 in our conversation but it's pulling out a succinct thing but also
notice in that 1:25:51 uh for down on the key insights in the commander platform
um there are four time stamps there um 1:25:58 now right right because it was
referred to Across the exactly exactly and there 1:26:04 is something there that
um not for now um in terms of the transcript uh taking 1:26:11 those Force
timestamps saying you're talking about the command of platform let's squish
1:26:17 that um and then generate something richer and I know it's possible
because 1:26:22 I've done that just as zero prompt yeah cuz it's like quite
insightful the team 1:26:28 must deliver fast while staying true to their
principles you know like we don't really use those 1:26:34 words right but it's
like here this is sort of what you mean um okay so there 1:26:40 was a couple
more points um 01 full is now available in 1:26:45 cursor um I'm still looking
at all one preview I don't need to do anything no 1:26:51 in C well if they have
released an update but even so I think the the 1:26:58 models that are available
are separate somehow yeah look I think that see that 1:27:06 comes down ah okay
so maybe it's just defaulting oh okay I have a look for that yeah have a look at
that so that's 1:27:12 that'll be fun I one is such a more pleasant Beast to
deal with 1:27:21 um and can I just check uh because we've got the $200 a month
thing 01 is not 1:27:28 like um generating the costs once we get the you know
1:27:34 tool um upgrade to it which the one you're so you talking uh other day
and I 1:27:40 went when I was going over the transcript I was like actually I
didn't ask and I don't understand I went back 1:27:46 to the pricing and it was
a bit of pick so at the moment I'm hammering all one 1:27:53 uh for $200 a month
well you're hammering 01 Pro yeah uh yep that's not 1:27:59 generating us any
additional costs that's not costing us anything other than a 200 US a month
subscription fee 1:28:05 which is actually a bloody great deal but once you
start hitting 01 as a tool 1:28:10 then it starts being like $60 per million
output tokens which is 1:28:15 like oh that's uh the Steep but have heart
because you know they slash the 1:28:22 prices all the time the real time API
was 60% cheaper as of two days ago and 1:28:29 they released um the Mini version
of the realtime API which was 10% the cost so 1:28:34 you know costs come down
yeah I worry about and no I'm worried uh kind of acutely not 1:28:42 chronically
because Market forces um but I just didn't want to end 1:28:47 up with you know
running up a two grand bill so I did the conat tool 1:28:55 uh your use of
definitions I did that um we talked about that brief the 1:29:02 commander is
actually the commander nap yeah um s28 is 1:29:09 done the current stacks for
minutes to yeah no we're done we're done we're done we're done okay okay Grand
uh well let's 1:29:16 use the last three minutes for uh situation awareness um
I'd like to point out I can send it over if you want but 1:29:23 uh there uh
there was a statement from open AI where they would give you an employee 1:29:30
for a flat cost of two grand uh a month um that you could fire which is an
1:29:38 interesting thing what so um say if you had a 1:29:43 paralal that you
you know cost you 8 Grand uh a month and it's like well 1:29:49 we'll give you
um a paralal uh input points for two grand a 1:29:55 month um and your choice uh
I'll send you over the link it 1:30:02 was uh it was a YouTube uh guy that
actually is very sensible and very intelligent guy called Wes something 1:30:09
I'll send you a link but uh all right cool it was it was an interesting
indicator it's not there yet but it's an 1:30:15 interesting indicator of where
they're going where Roth is his name why 1:30:21 Roth you link okay all right
man we got 2 minutes to 1:30:26 all right I'll stop the recording yeah
